[theme music]
[door closes]
["It's My Life" by Yoon Mi Rae playing]
♪ This ain't a song
For the brokenhearted ♪
♪ No silent prayer
For the faith-departed ♪
♪ I ain't gonna be
Just a face in the crowd ♪
♪ You're gonna hear my voice
When I shout it out loud ♪
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, LEE IK-JUN
[door closes]
["It's My Life" by Yoon Mi Rae continues]
[gasps]
My purse.
[groans]
♪ It's my life ♪
♪ My heart is like an open highway ♪
-♪ Like Frankie said, I did it my way ♪
-[chuckles]
♪ I just wanna live while I'm alive ♪
♪ It's my life ♪
[tires squeak]
[tires squeak in distance]
[beeps]
[sighs]
Gosh, seriously.
[Song-hwa sighs]
-[sighs]
-[beeps]
[sighs loudly]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[elevator chimes]
-Oh, Professor Chae, good evening.
-[Song-hwa] Hello, good evening.
Looks like you're work late again tonight.
I actually got to leave early for once,
but I kept forgetting my stuff.
So I kept turning around and coming back.
I'll take it as a sign
I should get ready for the conference.
-You're on duty?
-Yes.
Professor Kim went on a trip to Itaewon.
[giggles]
Yeah, I know.
I ran into Professor Ahn
in the hallway earlier,
and I already saw Professor Yang
leave for the day.
As for Professor Lee Ik-jun,
he's got a team dinner in Gangnam.
You know everything that's going on.
[exhales]
I'm usually with Professor Kim all day,
so without meaning to,
I just hear these things.
-It's part of the territory.
-[chuckles]
-Isn't it Professor Lee's birthday today?
-Mm-hm.
Could you please tell him
I said, "Happy birthday."
Sure. But you should tell him
since I won't be seeing Ik-jun.
Just in case, though.
If you do see him, just sing
happy birthday for me.
Sure, I'll do that.
[giggles]
[Gwang-hyeon sucks teeth]
The pain is so severe that the first thing
you have to do is get that under control
and take an X-ray to check the bones.
-Yes.
-Okay.
[ringing]
[Hui-su] Hello.
This is Yulje Emergency Center.
[paramedic] We have a trauma patient,
male, in his 40s.
Mental status, drowsy.
His BP is 150 over 90.
Heart rate is around 80,
12 breaths per minute.
Temperature is 36.7 degrees.
It looks like he was attacked from behind.
He collapsed after getting hit by someone
in the back of the head.
We checked his ID
while checking his mental status,
It says he's a doctor at Yulje.
Did you say he's a doctor here?
-[suspenseful music]
-[mutters]
What's the patient's name?
[dramatic music thuds]
-[paper rustles]
-[sighs]
[groans]
[siren wailing in distance]
[clicks]
[sighs]
[soft groan]
[phone ringing]
BONG GWANG-HYEON
[exhales heavily]
Yes. Hello?
[tense music]
119 RESCUE SERVICES
Do you know what happened to him?
Was it a robbery?
Yes, that's what the police suspect
when we got called in.
According to some
of the people at the scene,
he was hit from behind
on the head with a rock.
[sighs]
[tense music continues]
[Gwang-hyeon] Let's move him.
One, two, three.
[all grunting]
LEE IK-JUN
Lee Ik-jun, hey, do you know
where you are right now?
Lee Ik-jun. Come on. Can you hear me?
Hey, Lee Ik-jun!
[groans weakly]
Yes, I can hear you. Stop shouting.
Yeah, you'll wreck my eardrums.
Keep it down. This is a hospital.
[scoffs]
[Gwang-hyeon] Your neck, does it hurt?
No, my neck is fine.
He can answer questions.
Let's do an IV injection and a CT scan.
Okay. I'll go book the CT scan first.
[gasps]
Did you fly or something?
I knew you were here, but that was fast.
Song-hwa is here.
[sighs softly]
We haven't done a CT scan yet,
but his pupils are okay and, uh…
[Song-hwa pants]
[Song-hwa] Can you hear me?
Hmm? Hey, Ik-jun. Can you hear me?
[exhales]
[gasps]
Can you raise your left arm?
Now I want you to clench your right hand.
[emotional music]
[relieved sigh]
[sobbing]
Oh, I'm so sleepy right now, Song-hwa.
I'm gonna sleep.
-Let's do a CT scan right away.
-Yes, we should.
All right.
[both sigh]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
LEE IK-JUN
[machines beeping]
[sighs heavily]
He's okay. Don't worry.
He's going to be fine.
[Song-hwa] According to his results,
he sustained a subdural hematoma
on the right side.
Is the bleeding bad?
Thankfully, it's not too bad.
We did see a skull fracture.
But as for the bleed,
a thin layer is forming on the bottom,
so I don't think his condition
is going to require surgery.
In his case, there's a chance
that more blood could seep out,
so I want to keep him in the ICU
for monitoring.
-But he's conscious, right?
-[Song-hwa] Yes.
He was even chatting with me earlier.
Drowsiness can occur in the presence
of a cerebral hemorrhage
because of blunt head trauma.
We'll keep the bleeding under control
and with treatment…
his alertness will be back in a few days.
[sighs]
[Jeong-won] Hey, Ik-jun.
Ik-jun, open your eyes.
Ik-jun, can you tell me where you live?
[penlight clicks]
[Ik-jun grumbles]
Hey, stop that. It's too bright.
My pupillary light reflex is fine.
Enough with the light, Andrea.
[sighs]
[all sigh]
How did they catch the guy?
[Song-hwa] There was
a surveillance camera nearby.
The police called us right away.
Jeong-won has reached out
to Mr. Pyeon, the lawyer.
And he's helping to sort things out.
[Jeong-won] Maybe we
should contact Ik-jun's family?
I called his house
and explained things to Auntie Wang.
But I told her to wait first
before telling U-ju.
-Do you think we should tell his parents?
-Yes, we should let his parents know.
I wasn't able to save their numbers.
But I know his sister's.
I can give her a call.
Ik-sun? She's back in Korea?
I thought she was in the UK.
Uh-huh, she's back for a while now.
What about all the surgeries
he has booked?
Although that's not really important now.
I explained the situation to the chief.
He says he'll take care
of the ones booked for tomorrow,
and he'll turn over the rest
that are scheduled for the week.
As for the ones booked after that,
we'll speak with the patients
and hopefully, we can reschedule.
Song-hwa, are you planning
to stay the night here?
Mm.
Then I'll watch him tomorrow night.
It's okay. I've got it covered.
You guys can help me out
if I get called away or something.
You'll be exhausted.
You can watch him tonight.
But we'll take turns starting tomorrow.
I want to…
stay by his side for now.
Just let me do this, hm?
Sure.
[lips smack]
Yeah, okay.
You guys should go.
[breathes deeply]
[Song-hwa] Please go home.
It's 2:00 a.m. already.
Anyway, you'll be back
in five hours, right? Go on.
[Jeong-won] We're going.
[Jun-wan] Take care.
[Seok-hyeong] Take care.
[Seok-hyeong sighs]
[somber music]
-[sighs]
-["Reminiscence" by Jung Kyung Ho plays]
[blows air]
["Reminiscence" by Jung Kyung Ho plays]
MAY, 1999
[box clonks]
[rustling]
Tie.
[sharp inhale]
[Song-hwa] Tie.
[humming]
[gentle guitar music]
[hurried footsteps]
[panting]
[chuckles softly]
[sharp exhale]
-Hey.
-[music stops]
Do you have plans?
Me?
Why?
Let's go out.
[Song-hwa] Since it's your birthday today.
We could celebrate it together
if you've got no other plans.
I'd love to have dinner with you.
I've got plans.
I have a blind date.
Oh, really?
Do you have to meet each other today?
Can't you reschedule it?
I asked my friend
to set everything up for me.
I can't cancel.
[awkward chuckle]
Next time.
Maybe next time.
[chuckles softly]
Sure, no problem.
Good luck on your date. Have fun.
[guitar strumming]
[sniffles]
-[sobbing]
-[emotional music]
[receding footsteps]
[emotional music continues]
[machine beeping]
[theme music]
He has a minor skull fracture
and some bleeding,
but it's nothing serious, so don't worry.
We're monitoring him
in the ICU until tonight.
If his condition improves,
we're going to move him to a regular ward.
I didn't call you last night
because it's not very serious,
and I didn't want to alarm you.
[Ik-sun sighs]
He's really doing okay.
We're taking good care of him.
I told you not to worry so much.
If it were more serious, you know
that I would have called you right away.
The good news is
he's not showing motor control problems.
[Ik-sun] Song-hwa
is there with him, right?
Of course. She's his doctor.
She's taking good care of your brother.
As for your parents, don't you think
we should tell them about what happened?
They're away on a trip right now.
They're traveling in Europe.
And I'm not sure if telling them
about this would be a good idea.
I could go to Seoul and stay with him.
Um, if I submit a time-off request
within the day,
I should be able to leave
in a couple of days.
Lots of people are looking after him,
so don't push yourself.
You can come here once you have
your work schedule sorted out.
[Ik-sun] No way. U-ju will want
to know where his dad is.
-And it'd be better if I go there.
-[footsteps]
Are you sure? If you say so.
I guess it would be helpful
if you were with him,
just in case he needs anything.
-Have a safe trip.
-[Ik-sun] I will.
Bye.
[phone beeps]
I guess you and Ik-jun's sister
must be pretty close, huh?
I didn't know that.
[sighs]
Yeah, we're close.
She's Ik-jun's sister.
That's the only reason why.
Let's go. We're gonna be late.
[Song-hwa] Mr. An, you said
you went to the clinic
because you were suffering
from severe headaches.
Yes.
They did an MRI and a CT scan
and told us to go to a bigger hospital.
Doctor… is his condition serious?
I'd like you to take a look
at the scan of his brain.
[Song-hwa] You see
this white part on the right side?
I believe that's a tumor.
We will have to do a biopsy
to be completely sure,
but looking at the MRI results,
I think it's meningioma,
which is a type of tumor.
[sighs]
The good thing here
is meningiomas are usually benign,
that's why these cases are still
not as worrisome as cancer.
However, you can see
from the MRI results we have here,
the mass is around 3.2cm
which makes it quite big.
I recommend we do surgery
as soon as possible.
[Sang-mo sighs]
It looks like there's swelling
in the brain as well.
If we don't do anything
and the tumor grows,
the swelling will get worse too.
That's when neurological conditions
like hemiplegia and convulsions
could occur due to
the increased intracranial pressure.
I recommend we carry out
the surgery before that happens.
So you're saying…
I've got a brain tumor.
Is that right, Doctor?
I never thought
the terrible headaches I was having
would be related to a brain tumor.
[exhales in disbelief]
We'll need to run additional tests
once we check you in.
But after complete resection,
meningiomas have low risk of recurrence
in most patients.
Another positive side of it
is that they don't usually spread
if the prognosis is good.
Based on these scans, it isn't
a difficult location to operate on.
So try not to worry.
We can still fix this.
Can he be admitted today, Doctor?
Can my husband undergo surgery
as soon as possible?
Well, I believe we should be able
to admit him today.
The nurses outside will go
over the admission details with you.
Thank you.
-[button beeps]
-[elevator dings]
[gasps]
-[quirky music]
-[excited gasp]
[Jun-wan] Let's have lunch.
Would you like to join us?
My wife has her OB-GYN appointment,
so we're going to have lunch together.
No, hard pass for me.
You and your wife enjoy your lunch.
-But, Professor, who will you eat with?
-Who cares? I'll figure it out.
Wait. Isn't it time for you
to take appointments now?
How about you do that Friday mornings?
No, I'm good. Thanks, it's okay.
But it's not okay.
You should do that already
because you're a second-year fellow now.
Be prepared for that. We'll start soon.
No, sir! I mean, you don't have
to do that. But thank you, yeah.
Whoo! I'm totally good
with not starting yet.
[awkward chuckle]
Anyway, I'll go. Enjoy your lunch.
[button clicking rapidly]
[quirky music]
[message alert tone chimes]
[Min-ha] Could we please have
a ten-minute venting session?
Come to the center garden.
Are those in first year
still giving you a hard time?
[sighs]
One of them acts like we're best friends
while the other one
has a hard time opening up.
Do you know Yoon-hee? Seo Yoon-hee.
She's very hardworking and smart.
-It's great because she's a true asset.
-What about her?
[sucks teeth]
The thing is, she's way too comfortable.
She treats me as if we're equals.
[playful music]
Hey, Yoon-hee, did you dress
patient Lee Da-rae yet?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I see. Great.
By the way, don't forget
that Professor Yeom asked us
to gather all the materials
for the upcoming conference.
What the heck was it?
The preeclampsia cases, right?
Uh, yes, that's right.
Are you done with that?
When do you think you'll be finished?
Yeah, I'll rush it. Uh, I'll just show it
to you later. Don't worry about it.
[chuckles]
Okay, great.
-Thanks so much.
-Yeah, yeah.
It's her habit. It's how she talks.
I've seen some people who are like that.
I know she's not deliberately being rude,
that's why I'm not reacting.
Plus, she's a really good kid.
-What about the other one?
-Well…
[gasps]
Oh, there she is.
[Min-ha] Eun-mi! Dr. Ki Eun-mi!
[softly]
Oh, hello.
Have you had lunch yet?
I'm going to eat my lunch now.
[Min-ha] I see. Why don't you join us?
Please enjoy your…
Hope you have a good lunch.
[chuckles]
[exasperated sigh]
I know a lot of introverts. But she's
the most quiet one I've ever met.
She was going to join Internal Medicine,
but her parents are both OB-GYN doctors.
They want her to take over their clinic,
so she joined us instead.
Apparently, she's come to the realization
that she's better suited
for studying and writing papers
than treating patients.
[sucks teeth]
She's only staying
until the end of the year.
Then she's leaving by next year.
I'm surprised she told you these things.
You said she's an introvert.
Of course, I wouldn't stop asking her.
I invited her to go out for lunch,
and we even went drinking together
because she didn't seem to get along well
with the other residents.
It turns out
that's really her personality.
[sighs]
But she's really a good kid.
[chuckles]
-You say that about everyone.
-I really mean it.
She's quiet and a bit antisocial,
but she's diligent and thorough.
Gosh, anyway… Oh, well.
Do you wanna go see a movie this weekend?
I finally have some free time
in the evening.
I'm going on a date with him this weekend.
We're going to the movies together.
No way.
[excited squeal]
This is it! My dream has come true!
Finally!
♪ Dreams come true
I've been saving all my love ♪
♪ Like a fool, I'm just so into you ♪
[Seok-hyeong] Today, we did
a nuchal translucency screening.
The baby's, uh,
crown to rump length is 5.2cm,
which is ideal
for this stage of pregnancy.
[deep inhale]
And the nuchal translucency
is about 1.5mm,
which is normal, hm?
[mouse clicks]
Take a look.
The fetus is moving a lot, right?
If you recall, we saw a little bit
of limb movement on your last appointment.
But this time, the baby's movements
are stronger and more noticeable.
I think that our baby takes after me.
I hope it doesn't tire out my wife though.
It's a good thing the baby is active.
So, Hyo-ju, have you
been eating well lately?
Not really, Professor.
She can't eat as much as she used to.
[sharp inhale]
You need to eat well
to get through chemotherapy.
It'll be good for the baby.
So far, you've been doing great.
We need to maintain that.
Okay, Professor.
Very well. I'll see both of you
back here in four weeks.
Uh, your baby is doing well,
so you can relax for now.
I suggest that you prioritize your health.
I will. Thank you, Professor.
Thank you, Professor Yang.
Next time, I will--
Buy me dinner.
Yeah.
[both giggle]
Geon-tae has come back? Since when?
Yesterday.
I got a text from Tae-ung.
I suppose he didn't call you?
Mm-hm.
He hasn't called me again
ever since I said no to him
when he asked for more money.
I tried calling him, but he didn't answer.
[sighs]
[Jong-su munching]
Maybe I should've just given him
the money, so I could see him.
-[chuckles softly]
-[gentle music]
[sighs deeply]
I really miss the kids.
[chuckles]
I might never see them again.
[chuckles softly]
[spoon clinking]
Do you want some soju?
Mm, sounds good.
-I'm going to sleep here tonight.
-Sure.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[exhales deeply]
[chuckles]
[snickers]
Why are you smiling?
Hey, you're taking your meds, right?
[sighs]
Did you tell Mom and Dad what happened?
Don't tell them.
No, I haven't yet. But I'll tell them
when they get back next week.
Why? You'll only worry them.
Just don't mention it.
What are you talking about?
I have to tell them.
They need to know their dear son
hurt his head.
Why do you want to keep it a secret?
Besides, you need to stay
in Changwon for a while.
What do you mean?
You won't be able to work
for a while anyway.
Go stay in Changwon with Mom and Dad.
Eat Mom's home-cooked meals
and rest up before you return to work.
[chuckles]
Wow.
This feels a lot like déjà vu.
[laughs]
Yeah, I did sound like you.
We'll see. I'll work out
all of the details later.
By the way, U-ju will be coming by.
-You told him what happened?
-[Ik-sun] Yes.
I told him, "Daddy is in the hospital.
You have to come and give him
lots of kisses, so he can feel better."
Auntie's going to bring him here later.
U-ju thinks I'm on night duty.
No, he knows that's not true.
-[breathes deeply]
-Auntie told him you weren't coming home
because you were
on night duty for a few days.
But then, U-ju said,
"No way. My dad has never worked
two night shifts in a row."
See? He said he's seen you
going in for emergencies,
but never consecutive night shifts.
[Ik-sun sighs]
My nephew is such a smarty-pants.
I didn't want to lie to U-ju.
I figured since your condition
isn't too serious,
it would be better to simply tell him
about what happened.
I talked to him
and answered his questions,
so he understands it better.
U-ju misses you so much.
And I know that you miss him too.
[tongue clicks]
You're right, good job.
[snickers]
Thank you.
Wait, hold on.
My sister deserves a reward for this.
To be honest, I'm not sure
if I can still do this but…
Don't do it.
-[rustles]
-[cooing]
-[imitates bird cooing]
-[laughs]
[groans]
Hey, how are you feeling?
Coo-coo. Coo-coo-coo.
How come you're not in surgery?
There's been a delay.
You should say hi. My sister's here.
[chuckles]
Hey there.
Hi, Jun-wan.
[Jun-wan] When did you get here?
[Ik-sun] I arrived about an hour ago.
Uh…
Um, is Song-hwa dropping by?
-Where is she?
-She said she's going to come here
after her appointments,
but it looks like she's running behind.
She keeps saying she'll cut down on work,
but she's even busier now.
I'm not around enough to nag her.
[Seok-min] Professor Chae.
[deep exhale]
It's about An Sang-mo,
the convexity meningioma patient
from yesterday.
Oh, that's right. Why? Did you
find something in the CT angiogram?
Yes, we took one just now.
There's an ophthalmic artery aneurysm.
-An ophthalmic artery aneurysm?
-Yes.
Oh, no.
Should we proceed with DSA?
Is the aneurysm
clearly visible in the CTA?
Yes, clearly visible.
If he has an ophthalmic artery aneurysm,
we'll have to use coils.
However, his kidney function
is already borderline.
He can't handle frequent administration
of contrast agents.
If he needs coils,
we have to do it right away.
-Make sure you send me the results.
-Sure. Thanks, Professor.
-[clinks]
-[machine beeps]
[Gi-jun] Suction.
Ow!
Hey, can't you pass it properly?
[Seong-yeong] I'm sorry, Professor.
[Gi-jun] You, what do you think you can do
when you can't even hand over
a tool properly?
[Seong-yeong] I apologize.
[Gi-jun] How did you become
a doctor in the first place?
Do your parents know
that they've got an idiot for a son?
I bet they're over the moon
that you managed to become a doctor.
[Seong-yeong] I'm sorry, sir.
[Gi-jun] Is apologizing
the only thing you can do?
You're not just clumsy. You're stupid too.
What am I going to do with you?
-Bipolar forceps.
-[Seon-bin] Yes, Professor.
[machine hums]
[door opens]
[door closes]
Another all-nighter?
-[Ik-jun] Me? No, I slept well.
-I meant Jun-wan.
Uh, he got no sleep last night.
He was the one on duty.
We chatted for a little bit,
then he had to go into emergency surgery
that lasted till about 5:00 a.m.
[Ik-jun] Then this morning, he did rounds
and had two conferences,
so he didn't get any sleep.
[phone ringing]
Jae-hak, do you need me now?
Five minutes? Okay, that's fine.
I'll get some coffee and head there.
Mm-hm.
[Ik-jun] Hey, Ik-sun, I want cake.
Can you get me
a slice of cake from the café?
And order ten cups of coffee
for the nurses here too, will you?
Sure, okay.
-Give me your card.
-Hey!
I was kidding.
Let's go. It'll be my treat.
Mm.
You can pay for things using that badge?
Yes. We can use this at the cafeteria
and the convenience store.
-[Ik-sun] Oh, when was that photo taken?
-[Jun-wan] Last year.
[sighs]
[mouse clacks]
[phone ringing]
I'm looking at it now.
[Seok-min] Should we tell him right away?
Yeah, of course.
Prior to every brain tumor surgery,
we have to take a CT angiogram
to check the cerebral arteries.
According to your results…
Well, I'm not sure yet
if it's good or bad,
but we found an ophthalmic artery aneurysm
that's about 8mm in diameter.
[Sang-mo's wife] An aneurysm?
Hold on. A ruptured aneurysm
can kill you, right?
Not in all cases.
Unruptured brain aneurysms
usually have no symptoms,
so they could be fatal
if they rupture suddenly.
And in such cases,
the mortality rate is very high.
[Sang-mo's wife] Doctor.
Will you be doing two different types
of surgeries on him at the same time?
No. The thing is,
uh, that won't be possible.
He'll require general anesthesia
for the surgery.
Once we do that, the BP will change
during the induction and recovery
which could cause the aneurysm to rupture.
Based on these factors, it would be safer
to treat the aneurysm first.
Then I suggest we remove
the tumor after that.
But we can't do both simultaneously.
[exhales worriedly]
There's one more thing.
The problem with this case is
we determined the aneurysm
as found in the ophthalmic artery.
From the tests we've done,
they show that your ophthalmic artery
is branching off of the aneurysm.
Think of it this way.
The aneurysm and the ophthalmic artery
are stuck together and hard to separate.
In cases like this, we perform
a procedure called coil embolization
where a catheter is inserted
into the femoral artery
to treat the aneurysm in the brain.
But while performing this procedure,
if we fill the entire aneurysm with coils,
the ophthalmic artery will be blocked,
which may cause vision loss.
[Song-hwa] And usually,
we would monitor the opening of the artery
and make sure it does not get filled.
But in Mr. An's case, the aneurysm
and the artery are too close together,
making it really difficult
to fill in just the aneurysm.
In any case, there's a slim chance
that we manage to hit a weak spot,
and the aneurysm could rip,
making the whole procedure
even more dangerous
because of the resulting bleeding
in the brain of the patient.
If that happens, our priority would be
to block that spot as soon as possible.
We will not be able to save the artery.
We will have to stop the bleeding
at all costs and wrap up.
Unfortunately, that could result
in ophthalmic artery blockage
and vision loss.
Sorry, Doctor.
But I don't want to have the surgery.
How could I push through
knowing I could lose my sense of sight?
Forget it. I'll just live
with this thing in my head.
Yes, you may experience vision loss,
but if the aneurysm ruptures,
you're putting your very life at risk.
I wasn't asking you to decide
whether you want to treat
the aneurysm or not.
I was trying to explain the possibilities,
so we could think of your treatment plan
after surgery.
We're going to do our best to make sure
you do not lose your eyesight.
And if that's the result
that comes to light,
I would still like to emphasize that you
really need to get your aneurysm treated.
No, Doctor, I won't. I'm not going
to treat it. I've made my decision.
-I don't want to go through the procedure.
-[sighs in frustration]
Honey, I don't want to do it.
I won't.
Then what happens when one day
you collapse from a brain hemorrhage?
Stop talking nonsense!
[gentle melancholic music playing]
[Sang-mo's wife sighs]
[sighs, clicks tongue]
I understand he's scared,
but I can't believe he's going
to leave his aneurysm untreated.
Even if there's a chance
he suffers from loss of vision,
a ruptured aneurysm will be fatal.
He just found out about his brain tumor
and then the aneurysm.
On top of that, he might not see again.
That's hard to accept for anybody.
Can you explain it again
the next time you check on him?
Sure.
You should have lunch.
[gasps]
Yeah, I should. I'm going to eat
in Ik-jun's room. And you?
Seon-bin said she ordered
lots of burgers for us
because Seong-yeong was craving it.
Is something wrong with him?
He's going through hell right now.
[chuckles]
[munching]
[gulps]
Seong-yeong, I suppose you're feeling
pretty angry and upset,
but you're hungry at the same time.
Yeah.
Seon-bin, why would he get so furious
over such a tiny mistake?
Plus, I was the one who was clumsy.
He didn't have to talk
about my parents like that.
Listen. Just think of them
as auto-completed sentences.
Like, "I am a boy, and you're a girl."
But they're just words.
Did he growl and ask you if your mom
and dad knew how stupid you can be?
Yeah.
That means you're still in stage one.
Ah. You'll know you'll reach
stage three already,
when he says
he'll do everything in his power
to stop you from taking the board exam.
[Seon-bin] Mm.
So what happens in stage two?
[exhales]
"This idiot can't scrub in for my surgery!
I don't want to see his face
when I do my rounds!"
[giggles]
Yeah, I've heard of all of them.
[Seok-min] Of course, we all have.
Every resident hears it
when assisting Professor Min Gi-jun.
[clicks tongue]
Seong-yeong, sorry,
I can't really help you.
Hang in there.
You've been through so much already.
No, I'm not planning to quit.
After next week,
I'll be able to assist Professor Chae.
Professor Chae can be scary too.
I know that, but at least
she doesn't react so crazily.
She scolds me, but she doesn't insult me.
Ah, she helps me when I make a mistake,
so I learn from them.
And naturally, you'll spend
the whole night studying.
That's exactly why we joined Neurosurgery.
Oh, hello, everyone.
She'll realize that too.
What?
Nothing. Come and eat.
-Wait, are we having lunch or dinner?
-Oh, my.
Thank you for the food.
[wrapper crinkles]
[uplifting music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[exhales deeply]
[inhales, tongue clicks]
Now, let's do…
spades.
[tense music]
[card rustles]
That's a fake.
-[giggles]
-[laughs]
-Oh, man!
-[Ik-jun laughs]
[groans in pain]
[Ik-jun] This time, let's do hearts.
Hm?
[playful music]
[sighs deeply]
[cards slam]
[cards rustle]
[breathes deeply]
Hm.
[playful music]
[breathes deeply]
That's a fake.
Are you sure?
[chuckles]
Can I take it back?
You want to?
Oh, come on!
No, I'm sticking with it. That's a fake.
Oh, damn it.
Oh, stop!
-[chuckles]
-Ah!
Seriously, I'm totally
at a disadvantage here!
Hey, come on. You were the one
who wanted to play this.
[Song-hwa] Look at this.
I can't even hold all these cards.
It's okay. That's good.
Now that you mentioned it,
if you don't mind,
-I'll put my last card in there too, okay?
-Hey, stop!
-Okay, come over here.
-No, wait a minute.
-What is it?
-Are you gonna hit me hard?
No, I'm not. Wait, move your hair.
-Is U-ju inside?
-No, don't go in yet.
They're all lovey-dovey right now.
-Who's he with?
-With Song-hwa.
[chuckles softly]
When did those two become a couple?
They're not dating.
They just hang out all the time.
Shush. See for yourself.
They're obviously together.
-[exhales in disbelief]
-[shushes]
[Ik-jun] Come on, what do I do? Oh, boy.
[Ik-jun and Song-hwa giggling]
[Song-hwa] No!
-I'm the winner. You're the loser.
-[Song-hwa] Seriously?
-[Song-hwa giggles]
-Come here.
-[Song-hwa] You're so annoying. Hold on.
-Whoa, watch it. Get ready.
[Ik-jun] You have
to take your glasses off.
-[Song-hwa] Ow!
-Come on, take them off.
-[Ik-jun] You want me to do it? Okay.
-[Song-hwa] Wait, wait, wait, wait.
-Ow! Wait. No, no, no.
-Ready? No, it won't hurt. Come on.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Dad!
-[Ik-jun] Oh, gosh, U-ju.
-[U-ju sobbing]
-I'm so happy to see you here.
-[sobbing]
[door slides opened]
-[U-ju crying]
-Good evening.
My goodness. Look at you, U-ju.
At home, he's been so strong.
He never once brought up
how much he missed his Dad.
He was keeping it all inside.
Hey, Dad's okay now, U-ju.
Come on, look at me. I'm totally fine.
I fell down and I got
a small scratch on my face.
Don't you want to show me
your face, sweetie?
[sniffles]
[Ik-jun] You see? I'm totally fine.
My goodness.
[gentle music]
-Blow me a kiss right here.
-[blows air]
And a kiss here.
[chuckles]
[grunts and laughs]
Auntie, I'm so sorry you had to come
all the way here at this hour to see me.
Don't say that. U-ju and I
really wanted to come see you.
I couldn't stop worrying
ever since I heard about what happened.
Oh, my goodness.
My heart sank to the floor
when I heard the news,
-and it's still not back up yet.
-Oh, it's okay. I can fix that for you.
-[chuckles]
-Please don't encourage him.
Your brother is so funny.
[giggles]
Professor, I'm so glad
you're cracking jokes.
I'm so relieved that you're better.
[Auntie Wang] U-ju's fine too.
Don't you worry.
Just focus on your recovery,
so you can come home sooner.
I will, Auntie.
Auntie, I'll have U-ju sleep
in my room with me.
I'll be allowed to go home, right?
Yeah. You can stay for dinner, and then
the three of you can go home together.
We'll figure it out.
You should go and get some rest too.
I heard you haven't been home
in three days. My goodness.
Yeah, for sure.
I'll be going home tonight.
-Mm-hm.
-Is Seok-hyeong going to stay here?
Yeah, he's on duty tonight.
Gosh, you guys act
like this is the on-call room.
[gentle music]
Hey, bear.
What?
How's my Chuchu doing?
Didn't she come by to visit you earlier?
She said she even had ice cream with you.
Hey, what I mean is…
[tongue clicks]
[sighs]
What's the progress with you two?
Well, this weekend,
I'm taking her out to dinner.
[whirring]
[bass music rises]
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
And why should I tell you?
Will you need my assistance in any way?
[breathes deeply]
-Okay. Go for dinner and a movie.
-[bed clanks]
Sleep. That's the only thing
you can do to help me.
Okay, bye.
[chiming music]
[sighs]
I know I taught you how to smoke,
but I don't remember teaching you
how to fold laundry.
Where did you learn
how to fold everything so perfectly?
-[chuckles]
-[Rosa exhales]
You're so good at doing housework.
I really don't know
why you're still not married.
Whatever you want to tell me,
just spit it out.
Fine. Did you and Ms. Jang…
You didn't break up, did you?
Things are still good
with the two of you, right?
Everything's great.
In fact, they're even better now.
Mom, why are you worried?
I'm not worried.
You've been together for a while now,
but you haven't brought up marriage.
I was wondering if you broke up.
There's zero chance
of that happening, Mom.
Then when are you two
getting married, hm?
I'm not trying to rush you, I promise.
I'm just curious, that's all.
[chuckles]
Don't forget she'll be
my one and only daughter-in-law.
You know, I have so many things
I want to give her.
I've collected plenty of beautiful things
for my future daughter-in-law.
From rings and necklaces to plates…
Mom, there's something I need to tell you.
Uh…
My goodness. How could he
be such a horrible human being?
[exhales in disbelief]
How is her mother? Is she all right?
Yeah, she's improved a lot since then.
Last week, she went out
for a walk by herself
and even dropped off dinner
for Gyeo-ul when she was on duty.
Have you met her?
I wanted to. I thought of saying hello.
But I didn't since it might
make her uncomfortable.
I'm waiting for Gyeo-ul
to give me the go signal first.
Mm.
I'm planning to bring up
the marriage topic
once her situation has improved.
Now the timing just isn't right.
That makes sense.
Mom, you're not bothered
by her family's situation, are you?
[chuckles]
I admit that I'm bothered,
but we both know…
Jang Gyeo-ul's not the one at fault here.
[soft music]
In spite of what happened,
she's a good person.
I'm proud of her for that.
And I feel bad for her.
You can still take good care
of her later on.
You can give her all those rings
and necklaces and plates
you mentioned earlier.
[laughs]
My gosh, you're still really
head over heels for her. Okay, I will!
-All right.
-[chuckles]
Is Seok-hyeong really going
to move to the US? Is it definite?
I heard there's a big chance
he'll transfer to the US,
-and his mother is very worried for him.
-[inhales deeply]
He hasn't told me anything about it.
No, that won't happen. He would
have told us right away if he was leaving.
Maybe you should ask him. Ask him
and tell me what his answer is.
[grunts]
-You're staying tonight, right?
-Of course. I'm sleeping over.
All right, I have plans for this evening.
I won't be home till late.
This evening? Where are you going?
Jong-su and I are going to the movies.
His sleeping problems have gotten worse,
so we made plans to stay up
and watch a movie together.
-Do you need a ride?
-No, he's going to pick me up.
-What about dinner?
-Hm, I'll have dinner with him.
Have fun cooking your food.
[giggles]
[chuckles]
[exhales happily]
Th… thanks for the amazing dinner,
Professor Yang.
But you didn't eat a lot earlier.
I know. I was so nervous
that I couldn't really eat much.
[chuckles]
It's impressive how you can
just blurt those things out.
I'm being completely sincere.
I have a tendency to blurt out
what's in my head.
[laughs]
-We still have some time, right?
-Yeah.
We can buy some popcorn
before the movie starts.
Are you cold? Do you want the heater on?
No, I'm okay. Thanks.
Just tell me if you get cold.
[romantic music]
["I Like You" by Cho Jung Seok playing]
[chuckles]
-Can you finish all of this?
-Yeah. I'm so hungry.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
Oh!
Oh, sorry.
["I Like You" by Cho Jung Seok playing]
[announcer] Welcome
and thank you for being here.
You are now in Theater Five.
The exits are on the left
and the center aisle
will lead you to the fire escape
-which is…
-[Rosa] Okay.
-[announcer] Please follow instructions…
-[Rosa] These are our seats.
-Hello, good evening.
-Oh, Seok-hyeong!
Are you here to watch this movie?
-Hello. How are you?
-Oh, hello.
Later. Let's talk later.
Okay.
[man 1] We're profiting
from the misery of others anyway.
It's Seok-hyeong, he's right behind us.
[man 2] Just enjoy it!
[man 3] Hi, this is a friend
of Kim Kyung-soo.
[man 4] I'm a friend of Jo…
[woman 1] Did something happen to him?
That was Jeong-won's mother.
I see.
Vishing is
all about empathizing with victims.
In front of us is Professor Ahn's mother,
and the man sitting next to her
is Chairman Ju.
-[exhales deeply]
-[man 5] Thank you for the opportunity.
[woman 2] What are you going to do
once you meet Atty. Kim?
[man 6] I'm going to kill him.
[popcorn rustles]
[man 7] This guy, he's a maniac.
[woman 3] Action time!
-[munches]
-[man 8] He's going at the right person.
-[man 9] Stop the operation!
-[man 10] Am I not allowed to get revenge?
[man 11] Let's give them a taste of hell!
[crowd in movie cheering]
[music intensifies]
I already ate a lot.
["Introduce Me a Good Person"
by JOY playing]
[exhales]
[blows air]
Are you okay with meeting them for a bit?
If not, I'll just go say hello. It's okay.
I'm totally fine with seeing them.
You've met Mr. Ju before, right?
Well, I've only seen photos of him.
He and Mrs. Ahn are close.
Uh, they're just friends, though.
Then how come they're watching
a movie together this late at night?
Beats me. But I always see them
hanging out together.
Hmm.
-Oh!
-Ah!
Did you guys like the movie?
[Rosa] I enjoyed it. It was pretty good.
You got through the whole thing
without falling asleep.
-Yes, it was fun. It's a well-made movie.
-[chuckles]
From the looks of it,
he doesn't seem amused.
He always looks grumpy.
This is his happy face.
You two, on the other hand, are on a date?
Yes.
Oh!
[Rosa chuckles]
I'll tell your mom I know nothing.
She will hound you if she finds out.
Right, thanks very much.
Wait here. I'll bring the car around.
No, I'll go with you.
Okay. I hope to see you again soon.
Me too. Good night. Take care.
-We're going now.
-Okay, have a safe trip back.
[Rosa] Mm-hmm.
[Min-ha and Rosa chuckle]
She looks incredibly familiar to me.
She probably works at Yulje.
You must've seen her when you were there.
I guess so. I should have asked her
where she worked.
No. You just met her.
That would have been awkward.
Can you drive tonight?
I'm feeling really sleepy.
-All right.
-Okay.
What the… Hey, you scared me. Goodness.
-I'm so sleepy right now.
-[chuckles]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
This evening? Sure, I have some time.
We're eating meat?
[Jun-wan] Yes. Ik-jun will order the food.
I just need to message Song-hwa now.
So why don't you…
Good. Seok-hyeong is here. I can ask him.
[phone beeps]
They want to have
a barbecue dinner in Ik-jun's room.
Sounds good.
You wanna beat Song-hwa
and Jun-wan by ten minutes?
Mm-hm. Wait, Seok-hyeong.
Are you moving to the US?
[Jeong-won] What?
[Seok-hyeong] I want you
to make her think I'm moving to the US.
But you're not going, right?
Of course not.
Why would I even move there?
But still…
I want you to tell your mother that you
really think I'm going to do that.
-Why?
-Later.
I'll tell you guys everything later.
All right, then.
[inhales deeply]
I appreciate it.
[chuckles]
I'm not sure what you're plotting.
I hope it goes well.
Mm.
[Song-hwa chuckles]
You're saying Lee Ik-jun
is the biggest troublemaker?
-[button clicks]
-[can clanks]
[Seok-min] Yes. Everytime
I'm at the nurse's station,
I see him sneaking looks
at his patients' charts.
That's fine. At least he's not
doing rounds in a patient gown.
Oh, hello there, ma'am.
[gasps]
Hello to both of you. Hi, Doctor.
How have you been holding up?
You look like you haven't
been able to rest.
Ask your other family members
to take turns with you.
I'm okay. I don't mind.
My daughter's the one suffering.
As for me, all I do is stay by her side.
I don't do anything.
Yes, you do. What are you talking about?
You're staying strong,
so you can be there for your daughter.
[Song-hwa] Not everyone can do that.
Sometimes, Du-na takes it
out on you, right?
[chuckles]
Yeah. I'm used to it by now, Doctor.
The therapy
is awfully frustrating for her.
She was a great dancer, and she loved
singing since she was a kid.
But now, she can't even tell me
the things she wants to say.
She struggles with the buttons
on her shirt.
It's making her very frustrated.
And she feels helpless.
It may seem like her recovery
is slowing down,
and you're both probably exhausted.
But Du-na has really come a long way.
When we finally get over this hurdle,
your daughter will be able to talk to you.
She will be able to use her limbs again.
I truly believe that.
Please, ma'am.
Hang in there a little while longer.
Okay, I will.
-[Mrs. Hwang] Thank you, Doctor.
-Sure.
Now, Du-na, try opening this bottle.
[grunts]
[sighs]
You did really well.
That was a great job.
Let's try one more time.
You're doing great.
Let's try one last time.
[gulps]
I… I can't.
You almost got it.
-[bottle clacks]
-[gasps]
I, bu… I don't want to.
Do… don't force me.
[sighs]
-[sobbing]
-[somber music]
[inhales deeply]
I seriously hope it's good news.
[sucks teeth]
He said he wanted
to talk to you in person,
so I highly doubt that it's bad news.
Hey, Hong-do. Can you still
keep your eyes open?
Yes, I'm fine. Thank you.
-[elevator dings]
-[snickers]
-Hello, Professor.
-Hi, guys. Where are you heading?
-Off to see a patient. You?
I need a nap.
[elevator door closes]
-Tell me, Hong-do.
-Yes, Professor?
You're in Pediatric Surgery now?
Yes, I just assisted
in TEF surgery, Professor.
I see.
So you inserted a chest tube.
Then how is two-bottle different
from three-bottle?
[blows air]
[Hong-do] Well…
[comical music]
Unbelievable.
[Hong-do] Well…
Could you… maybe give me a tiny hint?
What?
A clue. Maybe you could
give me a hint or something?
Are you serious?
Yes.
The coil whatchamacallit…
I want to undergo that procedure.
I was scared about losing my vision,
but now I know
there's a chance I might not.
So okay.
I would like to have some peace of mind
for the remainder of my life.
I'd rather not live with a ticking bomb.
That's why let's do it.
Definitely. We'll prepare
really well for this.
You made a wise decision.
This doctor here explained everything
so clearly to us.
Thank you for everything.
Because of you, he changed his mind.
[Sang-mo] I don't want to do it, Doctor.
I don't want the procedure. I also
won't do the tumor removal surgery.
-[son 1] You should do it, Dad. Please.
-[sighs]
I did a lot of research on the internet.
Do you know how lucky you are that they
found the unruptured brain aneurysm?
I read that many people
suddenly collapse in the streets and die.
You should get it done.
Doctor.
My family and I live paycheck to paycheck.
I'll wait until my kids go to college.
[Sang-mo] Then I'll reconsider
going through surgery.
I can't just make such a risky decision
at a time like this.
-Dad, no!
-[clears throat]
Well, sir, I can understand
why you're against such a procedure.
But please…
just let me explain
the situation in detail.
Look at this the CT angiogram
of your cerebral arteries.
I magnified the part
with the aneurysm and printed it for you.
[Seok-min] Mm, this is the aneurysm.
Here's your ophthalmic artery.
As you can see here,
the two of them are almost connected.
The coils in the aneurysm
will block the flow of blood.
Well, I'll be honest with you.
The procedure is risky.
But we are going to block
this side very carefully, so that…
Yes.
You won't lose your eyesight.
[bright music]
The eyes don't solely rely on this artery.
There are collateral circulation pathways.
If we carefully check
when we're starting with the procedure,
we can see if the pathways
are well-developed,
so there's a chance that we'll be able
to prevent vision loss
even if the artery gets blocked
due to heavy bleeding.
[grunts]
[sighs and lips smack]
It's worrying to think
about losing your eyesight.
Yeah. But we really have
no way of knowing.
The risk of you dying is higher,
especially if you decide
not to get your aneurysm treated.
Imagine living with a ticking time bomb
inside your head,
not knowing when it goes off.
The statistics show that two-thirds
of subarachnoid hemorrhage cases
that are caused by ruptured aneurysms
are the ones where the patients die
before or after arriving at the hospital.
Only a third survives.
Even if you get it treated and survive,
you'll likely suffer from complications.
I know you're in a difficult situation.
But if I were you,
or if you were my family,
I would insist on doing the procedure.
I'd tell you to get it done.
[bright music continues]
Why don't you all talk it over again
and give it another shot?
If you still decide not to do it
after you're done talking…
[lips smack]
I'll come back and explain everything
one more time.
[chuckles]
[Song-hwa] Seok-min, do you know
what your biggest strength is?
[Seok-min] My what? No clue.
Do I even have a strength?
It's that you know that you're
not perfect, but you always strive to be.
Ah.
I think it makes you so charming.
Is that a compliment?
Of course.
I know you always do your best.
It's a trait I appreciate a lot.
[lips smack]
Thank you very much.
For me, you're set to become
the biggest villain in Yulje.
[patting]
[giggles]
[cheerful music]
[chuckles]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Well, everyone's fine.
There's nothing else that stands out.
Make sure to check
Kim Bo-ri for contractions.
Okay, sure.
[murmurs]
Check for contractions.
[Seung-ju] So make a note of it here
that we increased her IV fluid
and that we switched to a soft diet.
[nurse] Dr. Chu, it's about
Yeon Ho-jeong in Room Nine.
Her family's getting impatient.
They wanna know what's going on.
What? With what?
Dr. Myeong said she was going to talk
to them, but I think you should do it.
Talk to them about what?
This is the patient
with the wound problem.
Sorry, I have no idea who that is.
No one told me about that.
Hold on, please.
Okay, patient Yeon Ho-jeong…
-[mouse clicks]
-There.
"She had surgery
in a different hospital two weeks ago.
They stitched the wound twice
but they decided to send her here
because the wound wouldn't close.
Uh, we dressed it and gave antibiotics
and she's under observation."
I'm sorry. No one told me
anything about her.
Why don't you try calling
Dr. Myeong Eun-won?
Oh, right. Okay.
Gosh, hold on. Let me see.
[phone dials]
[operator] The person
you are calling is unavailable.
Please leave a message after the tone.
-[sighs]
-Well?
Her phone is off.
-[sighs loudly]
-[phone clanks]
[Min-ha sighs]
I had the same surgery before,
but it was nothing like this.
Her recovery, how long will that take?
My sister's wound keeps oozing pus.
It keeps opening up. It's a mess.
What's going on?
[Mrs. Yeon] My daughter gave birth
two weeks ago.
This is completely ridiculous.
Earlier, we kept asking
to speak with her doctor,
but she said she was busy.
She told us she'll come by this evening.
Uh…
She wanted to wait and talk to us
when the whole family was here.
So what happened to that doctor?
She was the one with a really long hair.
[inhales deeply]
Oh, dear, poor Dr. Chu looks like
she's going to be blamed for this.
-Really?
-Yes.
Mr. Yeon's mother is an intense character.
She keeps calling every 30 minutes
with the same questions,
asking for Professor Yang.
We got Ms. Yeon admitted only a day ago,
but her mom hasn't stopped complaining.
I'm sure Dr. Myeong knows about this.
I thought she'd talk to them
before she left, but I guess not.
[exhales deeply]
[nervous exhale]
I can imagine how stressful
these past few weeks have been for you.
Uh, you must feel frustrated and anxious.
You see, she was transferred here
because her wound opened up again
even though her doctor stitched it up
for the second time.
Unfortunately, we cannot stitch it
up again right away.
[lips smack]
First thing's first, we have to get
the infection under control,
so we can reduce the pus.
Stitching her up is pointless
if we don't wait.
Uh, I will speak with Professor Yang
and find the ideal time
to treat her wound,
so we can be sure it won't open up again.
Please don't worry about her condition.
[sucks teeth]
Even if it's the exact
same surgical procedure,
we can never guarantee how a patient
is going to react to the treatment.
Recovery varies per person as well.
[inhales deeply]
Uh…
As for Ms. Yeon's doctor, you see,
she had to leave because of an emergency.
But don't worry.
She knows the situation very well.
She's going to take good care of Ms. Yeon.
Yes. And I… I will definitely
remind her too, right.
Oh, my goodness.
All right, then. Fine.
[relieved exhale]
[sighs]
[fatigued exhale]
What do I do?
[phone ringing]
-Mm. Hello, Professor.
-[Seok-hyeong] Did you have dinner?
No, not yet.
[Seok-hyeong] You want me
to get you something?
With meat. I want something
with lots of meat.
[Seok-hyeong] Okay.
[phone beeps]
[sighs]
[slow upbeat music]
[munches]
[comical music]
Mm!
You gotta try the grilled onion.
You can do what you want.
I'm still busy with this one.
[mumbles]
These greedy pigs. I didn't know
they'd get here 15 minutes early.
-Seriously, it's not fair.
-[plastic crinkles]
You got here before we did.
You even picked these up.
-What sauce is a must?
-Calamansi-wasabi.
-[door opens]
-[Ik-jun sighs]
Is the pork belly still warm?
-Yeah, eat some before it's all gone.
-Hmm.
Wait? Is this it?
The piggies have devoured all of it.
[both mumbling]
No, I ordered a lot.
They must have made a mistake.
Seok-hyeong, where did you
put the receipt?
[Ik-jun] Oh, there it is.
That's strange. I…
I ordered a ton of food. Wait, let me see.
One, two, three, four…
[clears throat]
[comical music]
-What a jerk.
-[glasses clink]
-[sighs in satisfaction]
-[Seung-ju gasps]
When did you have time to order food?
We've been so busy.
[chuckles]
Let's eat.
[sighs]
[Seung-ju] Whoa!
[Min-ha] It smells great.
[groans in satisfaction]
Oh, hey, Eun-mi! Have some.
You haven't had dinner yet, right?
Oh! I'm good. Thank you.
Enjoy your dinner.
Okay.
[munching]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Is the case difficult?
[lips smack]
A little.
Or maybe a lot.
His ophthalmic artery and aneurysm
are stuck together.
I've never treated
a case like this before.
[tongue clicks]
So I guess I am worried.
[sighs]
Get going. You'll miss your train.
You know, right? Even in Changwon,
you can go for short walks,
but avoid strenuous exercise.
I got it.
Time will fly by.
Mm.
[sighs]
[tense music]
[machine beeping]
AN SANG-MO
[Song-hwa] It seems the ophthalmic artery
is even closer to the aneurysm
compared to what we saw
in the CT angiogram.
[Seok-min sighs]
[Song-hwa] And there's
no ECA collateral flow.
We have to save
the ophthalmic artery no matter what.
[Seok-min sighs]
We're about to begin, 8-20, please.
[rustles]
[pops]
[angiographist] Here's 8-20, Professor.
[machine beeping]
[Seok-min] Here.
[Song-hwa] And we'll need one more
of the same, please.
[angiographist] Yes.
[plastic rustles]
-[Song-hwa] We'll need 7-15, please.
-[angiographist] Sure.
Here's 7-15, Professor.
Now we need to check
on the condition of the ophthalmic artery.
[Seok-min] Okay.
[tense music continues]
[Song-hwa] It looks good, right?
[Seok-min] Yes, the flow
is looking pretty good.
And there are no blood clots.
[sighs]
[relieved exhale]
[Song-hwa] Well done, guys.
[Seok-min] Great job.
Thank you, Professor.
[tense exhale]
[Song-hwa] The surgery was successful.
We didn't spot any bleeding,
and we also managed to block the aneurysm.
When doing the final check, we confirmed
blood flow heading
to your husband's ophthalmic artery,
so the chances of him
losing his sight are pretty slim.
The next step is to check his vision
with a field test
as soon as he regains consciousness.
Well, we're waking him up now.
We want to move him to the ICU.
Once all the tests are done,
you'll be able to see him.
You mean his vision will be okay?
Is he going to be fine, Doctor?
At the moment, yes. I think he's fine.
But remember, we still have to do
a vision range test when he wakes up.
We'll meet again when we get the results.
-All right. Thank you, Doctor.
-[son] Thank you, Doctor.
We're so grateful, Doctor.
Sure.
[cries happily]
[exhales]
Hello, Mr. An.
[Song-hwa] Mr. An, can you open your eyes?
Your surgery went well, sir.
Mr. An, can you see me?
[uneasy music]
Hmm.
Mr. An, can you cover
your right eye for me?
[grunts]
Can you see this?
How many fingers do you see?
Two fingers.
[gasps]
Right.
Can you tell me
if you're seeing them clearly?
Are you experiencing
double vision or blurriness?
No.
I see them clearly.
-[relieved sigh]
-[uplifting music]
PROFESSOR CHAE SONG-HWA
[Song-hwa] Are you there yet?
Uh, probably not.
You're still on the train, right?
[Ik-jun] How'd it go? Did it go well?
[giggles]
[Song-hwa] Yeah, it went well.
[Ik-jun] My gosh, well done.
That's great news. I knew you could do it.
I called you, so I could brag about it.
What area are you in now? Daejeon?
Hey, great job. Seriously.
I knew you would pull it off.
[sighs]
You didn't go?
No. When I saw
how worried you were earlier,
I changed my ticket,
so I could see you before I left.
[sighs]
[romantic music]
So it will be two more weeks
before Professor Lee Ik-jun
comes back to work?
Mm. He went to Changwon today.
Mm.
-It's that one, right?
-Oh, yes.
-[seat belt unlocks]
-[Min-ha] Thank you very much.
-[Seok-hyeong] Sure.
-[Min-ha] All right.
What?
-Mm…
-I'm going to walk you to your door.
-This way?
-Yes.
[chuckles]
[giggles]
-Excuse me, Professor.
-Hmm?
Mm, is it okay if I ask you a question?
[chuckles]
I'm already scared.
Sure, what is it this time?
Go. Ask me.
[Min-ha] Stop.
Aren't you going to tell me
how you feel about me?
[exhales nervously]
I'm saying yes to dating you.
[laughs]
I mean it. Please don't laugh at me.
[laughs, coughs]
Are we not…
exclusively dating each other?
But you're not asking me
to be your girlfriend,
and you won't tell me how you feel.
I was wondering if maybe
I had gotten the wrong idea here.
[sighs]
Min-ha…
[inhales seriously]
What will you do if I'm not a good person?
What if I turn out
to be a bad influence to you?
Don't you think
that you're rushing into this… too soon?
Well, I think…
It is what it is.
I'm the master of my own fate.
-[laughs, clears throat]
-[exhales nervously]
You see, Professor.
You know…
that I am a good person.
I'm a good judge of character,
and I'm actually a better person
than you probably think I am,
so you don't need to worry about me.
-[soft music]
-[Min-ha chuckles nervously]
But we are…
["Beautiful My Love"
by Urban Zakapa playing]
We are dating each other, aren't we?
You…
have feelings for me, don't you?
Do I have to…
say it out loud?
[Seok-hyeong exhales deeply]
I like you.
I really like you a lot.
[Seok-hyeong] So you can…
stop…
confessing your feelings.
["Beautiful My Love"
by Urban Zakapa playing]
[Jeong-won] Kim Geon? You mean
Dr. Kim Geon who is in his second year?
[Gyeo-ul] Yes. He didn't come in
to the ICU this morning,
and his phone is turned off.
-Can someone check his place?
-[Gyeo-ul] Ji-woo did.
But she says Geon wasn't there,
and he didn't go home
to his parents' place either.
It's possible he fell asleep in the sauna,
or maybe the battery on his phone died.
Wait another hour or two and call me
if you still haven't gotten a reply.
-[Gyeo-ul] Okay.
-Mm-hm.
A resident has gone AWOL?
Yeah, I think so.
The kid's been covering the ICU.
Their cases can be physically exhausting.
Maybe someone picked on him.
Who would even do that?
Even the chiefs don't do that anymore.
Right.
In Kim Geon's case, Gyeo-ul,
Dr. Jong, and the fellows
make up all his senior colleagues.
[scoffs]
And for the life of me, I can't
imagine them bullying another person.
What about the professor?
It's usually the professor
or senior resident's fault
when a resident goes AWOL.
Zero third-year residents would only mean
it's the professor's fault.
[sucks teeth]
[machine beeping]
[exhales]
[Song-hwa] Let's see.
The bleed in the superior sagittal sinus
must have been severe.
Good job getting it under control.
You must have been nervous
since it's close to the sinus.
But the dura opening looks good too.
[Seon-bin] Thank you, Professor.
[Song-hwa] The microscope can come in now.
[surgeon] Okay.
[Yoon-hee] Ko Ye-jin's constipation
got really bad,
so we gave her magnesium oxide.
[Seok-hyeong] Good call.
But prolonged use could cause
loose stools, so you can reduce the dose
or you can also take her off
it soon. Got it?
[Yoon-hee] Okay, will do, Professor.
Dr. Ki Eun-mi, we admitted
Jung Si-eun yesterday.
She received dinoprostone, am I right?
Yes, we gave her dinoprostone
last night and--
I can't hear you.
Professor, she's having contractions
that are two or three minutes apart now.
And her cervix was dilated to about 3cm
when I checked a moment ago.
It's great to hear that dinoprostone
was enough to induce her labor.
The contraction rate is good too.
It doesn't look like she'll need oxytocin.
Monitor the patient with Dr. Ki
and keep me updated on her condition.
Sure.
Really? Do you think
that's why he's gone AWOL?
Not because someone picked on him?
Yes. He said he thinks the patients
are getting worse because he's stupid.
[inhales seriously]
Plus, he's been under a lot of stress
since he started covering the ICU.
[Ji-woo] He's the type
who always does his best,
but after seeing some of the patients
pass away last week,
he said he wasn't sure if what he'd chosen
was even the right career for him.
[Ji-woo sighs]
He wanted to save lives,
that's why he chose that department.
But he feels like when he's there,
all he does is ask
for someone else's help.
Oh, dear.
[sucks teeth]
But don't worry, Dr. Jang. I've got
this very strong feeling.
I think Geon will be back tomorrow
or the day after.
He left all of his stuff
in the on-call room.
If he had really decided to quit,
he would've taken everything.
But his things are still there.
I'm relieved to hear that.
But, Ji-woo, this means
you'll be swamped now.
I'll try to help you whenever I can, okay?
It's fine, we can handle it. Yu-ri and I
can cover him for a few days.
Besides, I've got a hunch…
[sucks teeth]
…that come tomorrow morning, Geon
will be walking in here. I'm sure of it.
I mean, he's always been
a model student, you know.
I bet he's already regretting this by now.
[Ji-woo chuckles]
Although he'll probably get
an earful when he comes back.
Still, while he's away, I hope
he's catching up on some sleep.
[Song-hwa] Thanks to you, we'll be able
to finish the surgery an hour early.
[anesthesiologist] Ooh.
[Song-hwa] The bleeding was minimal,
and everything went so smoothly
thanks to the perfect incision.
Great job, everybody.
Seong-yeong, you're doing well.
You had to work all night
because of an emergency,
but you managed this pretty well.
All that's left is to wrap this up
and enjoy your day off.
[Seong-yeong] I will.
Thank you, Professor.
[button clanks]
Dr. Heo, if Professor Chae said
that she wanted to start a new country,
I'd go there and I promise
I'd happily till the soil.
[Seon-bin] Many people would be happy
to do that. Come on, let's wrap this up.
[Seong-yeong] Okay.
[pants]
Dr. Chu, Jung Si-eun who's being induced
is showing signs of deceleration.
Could you check on her?
I checked on her five minutes ago.
Everything looked good.
Professor, I'll check that one
and I'll give you an update right away.
[Seung-ju] The heartbeat seemed to be
moving too fast, so I checked the monitor.
I'm a little concerned.
[phone rings]
-Hmm?
-[Min-ha] Professor.
Jung Si-eun is experiencing
prolonged deceleration.
She recovered briefly,
but it's dropping again.
The variability is minimal as well.
I checked, and her cervix
is already fully dilated.
Okay, I'm on my way.
-[beeps]
-[tense music]
[Seok-hyeong]
The baby's having a hard time,
so we should expedite the delivery.
It isn't uncommon for the baby's
heart rate to drop slightly during labor,
but it's usually restored
after about a minute or two.
In your case, the abnormal heart rate
has been continuing for eight minutes now.
And even when it's restored, the monitor
keeps showing it dropping right away.
Unfortunately, it looks like the baby
is struggling for some reason.
You're fully dilated and the baby
has dropped quite a bit.
In cases like this,
expediting the delivery is best.
We'll proceed with the surgery
if we need to.
[nervous breathing]
-Min-ha, get everything ready.
-Yes.
[Seok-hyeong] Don't worry.
Your situation is not a rare one.
A sudden change in fetal heart rate
can occur during the labor.
Actually, this is something
we see pretty often.
We'll expedite your delivery
and we'll do our very best.
So continue with the deep breathing,
so you can deliver oxygen to your baby.
Okay.
[shaky breathing]
[Seok-hyeong] The fetal heart rate
isn't going back up.
We really need to speed things up.
[Si-eun groans]
Hey, Mommy. What 's your baby's nickname?
[gasps]
Tough Cookie.
[Seok-hyeong] So right now, Tough Cookie
is stuck in your narrow birth canal,
but the baby is staying strong
and doing great, so don't worry.
Listen to me, Mom.
You have to push a little harder now.
If you don't, things might get dangerous
for Tough Cookie,
and we want to avoid that.
It's very important that the next time
you push, you give it your all.
Oh, okay. I can do it, Doctor.
[Seok-yeong]
What's the fetal heart rate now?
-Has it gone back up?
-[heart beating]
[Min-ha] It's 100 now.
I think we can get the baby out
if you give me five more pushes.
Push five more times and you'll welcome
your baby to the world.
Let's try doing that.
Okay.
[inhales deeply]
[Seok-hyeong] All right,
one, two, three. Push!
[grunting]
[grunts painfully]
[inhales deeply]
[labored breathing]
If you breathe like that,
you're going to get dizzy.
Take slow
and controlled breaths now, okay?
[breathing slowly]
All right. I need you
to push one more time.
One, two, three. Push!
[moans]
[grunting painfully]
[Seok-hyeong grunts]
Listen, you're doing great.
Let's push one more time.
One, two, three. Push!
[grunts]
[grunting continues]
[sighs]
[Si-eun crying]
[tense music]
[tools clinking]
[snips]
[Si-eun breathes heavily]
[nurse] Current time, 10:35.
It's a baby boy.
[machine beeping]
ELAPSED TIME
CURRENT TIME
-[relieved sigh]
-[baby cooing]
[baby cries]
[Seok-hyeong] Congratulations.
You did an amazing job, Mom.
[Si-eun] Doctor.
Is my baby going to be all right, then?
[Seok-hyeong] Yes, he'll be just fine.
[sobs happily]
[gentle music]
It looks like the umbilical cord
got wrapped around the baby's neck
a few times as he was descending.
I think that's what caused
the sudden fetal heart rate decelerations
and the nuchal cord was probably
the reason why he was struggling.
Like I said, this can totally happen
while a mother is in labor.
Although a triple nuchal cord is rare,
it's not completely unheard of.
Thanks a lot, Doctor.
Thank you so much.
[Seok-hyeong] It took some
superhuman strength to push like that.
You did a really good job.
You ought to be proud of yourself.
Okay, Dr. Ki, suture.
[Min-ha] Professor, Eun-mi is crying.
[Seok-hyeong chuckles]
-[Seok-hyeong] Why are you crying?
-[cries]
Ms. Jung, look,
our first-year resident is crying.
[both laughing]
[Si-eun] Thanks for your help, Doctor.
I promise I'll be a great mother.
[Eun-mi] Congratulations, Ms. Jung.
-[chuckles]
-[cheerful music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Jun-wan] Really? Your patient's baby
had a triple nuchal cord?
Mm-hmm. We were all surprised to see it.
You don't see it all the time,
but it does happen.
It's not a super rare case.
How are they both doing?
The baby is perfectly healthy,
and the mother is recovering well.
Gosh, thank goodness.
[shivers]
Will Ik-jun be back in two days?
Do we have band practice this week?
[gasps]
The weather tonight's chilly, Professor.
Bye.
[light music]
[Jeong-won] I never would have thought
that that was his reason.
I know. I was very surprised too.
I knew he was the type
who took life seriously.
But I had no idea
he'd take his cases to heart.
Have you called him?
He's still not answering?
Ji-woo was able to speak to him earlier.
So is he coming back?
He told Ji-woo he wants to come back,
but he's not sure yet
because he's really embarrassed.
[chuckles]
Gyeo-ul, I want you to call him. Tell him
to come to work tomorrow no matter what.
I'll take care of it,
but he has to show up.
-Okay.
-[Jeong-won] Hold on.
It'd be better to hear that
from his friends,
so ask Dr. Hwang Ji-woo to pass
that message along to him.
Okay, I'll do that. Thanks.
Are you cold?
-Hello, Professors!
-Oh!
[Ji-hoon] Hey there.
Come on, Ahn Jeong-won.
You really gotta quit bugging Gyeo-ul.
-Stop bothering her already. Seriously.
-Exactly.
-[Ji-hoon] Seriously, he's too much.
-[Bae-jin] I know, right?
[chuckles]
[Eun-mi] The moment I heard
the baby's heartbeat go, "Doom-doom,"
I couldn't believe it. You gotta
believe me. I almost fainted, Doctor.
That moment, when the mother
held her breath to push,
I held my breath too and pushed
without even realizing it.
But the baby wasn't really moving
when he came out, you know.
I thought something was wrong with him.
It was overwhelming and I
couldn't help it, I just burst into tears.
What a crazy experience it was.
All of a sudden, the baby started to cry.
Did it take about 30 seconds?
[sighs]
The moment I heard him cry,
it felt like a miracle, so I thanked God
and every deity I could think of.
"Thank you so much, God.
And thank you too, Buddha.
Thank you so much to all
the guardian angels. Thank you so much."
Eun-mi.
Hey, Dr. Ki, stop talking
and eat your gimbap.
Right, I should eat this.
The baby had the cord
wrapped around his neck three times.
When I saw that, my heart started racing.
But the baby's heart rate
kept on dropping.
Instead of beating like,
"Dut-dut-dut-dut."
It kept beating like this.
The FHR kept decelerating.
"Dut, dut, dut…"
Yes, all right. Okay, we heard you.
Could you please
stop talking now and eat up, hmm?
Okay.
But tell me, has anyone
of you felt that way before?
[Eun-mi] When the baby
started crying, I felt so relieved.
I mean, I didn't even do anything.
But I was ecstatic as if I was the one
who saved the baby's life.
My gosh, I'm just beyond grateful.
I mean, does any of you
feel the same way too?
I'm not the only one who thinks
like this, right? You too, right?
-[Seung-ju] Of course, we have.
-I can't believe it.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Have you checked on the patient's
individual requirements?
Yes, some food preferences, but they're
not very difficult to manage, you know.
["Running in the Sky" playing]
-What?
-[man exhales]
Ooh.
[giggling]
["Running in the Sky" playing]
Do you want us to give you
a standing ovation?
No, please. I'm already too embarrassed.
[Geon] Hello, folks.
-Hello, everyone.
-[nurse] Welcome back.
[Jeong-won] Hello, everybody.
Good morning.
[all] Hello, Professor.
[Ji-hoon] Jeong-won,
Geon is our comeback king.
[chuckles]
Hey, why would you even think of leaving
if you're coming back after a day, hmm?
You should have partied hard
and stayed away for at least a week.
Actually, he didn't want to come back
but I practically begged him to.
-Really?
-It's true.
I talked to him on the phone
for over two hours
before I could get him to change his mind.
So you'd better not be mean
to Geon today or you'll hear it from me.
Hey, why would I even
be mean to the guy? Jeez.
Let's go.
[Ik-jun singing in Korean]
♪ All my longtime dreams ♪
♪ Felt like vain, naive delusions ♪
♪ When I swallowed my tears
And whispered your name in secret ♪
♪ I heard your warm voice
Ringing in my ears ♪
♪ That gave me hope ♪
♪ If only I could run across the dry sky ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ And fall into your arms ♪
♪ I wouldn't care
Even if my body broke apart ♪
♪ Even if I fly too close to the sun ♪
[singing off-tune]
♪ And both of my legs melt away ♪
♪ My heart will follow you ♪
♪ And run toward your heart forever ♪
♪ My weak soul ♪
♪ If only I could put wings on it ♪
[strumming]
♪ If only I could run across the dry sky ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ And fall into your arms ♪
♪ I wouldn't care
Even if my body broke apart ♪
♪ Even if I fly too close to the sun ♪
[off-tune vocalizing]
♪ And both of my legs melt away ♪
♪ My heart will follow you ♪
♪ And run toward your heart forever ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
-[vocalizing]
[scatting]
♪ Oh, oh, oh, whoo! ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
-[vocalizing]
[scatting]
♪ No, no ♪
♪ La, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, yeah ♪
[giggling]
We had a patient named Sun Chun-sik.
His pancreatic cancer surgery went well,
and he even shook my hand
the day he was discharged.
[inhales deeply]
But he came back with a twisted bowel.
By the time we opened him up,
it was too late.
We removed a big portion of the bowel.
But he ended up dying of septic shock.
Hurry, Dr. Kim, patient
Sun Chun-sik's vitals are unstable.
[So-yeon] His BP and EKG
are dropping rapidly.
-[gasps]
-[machines beeping]
[clanking]
Do an announcement for CPR.
Contact his guardian right now.
[So-yeon] Yes.
[grunting]
-[staff] We'll check the pulse now.
-Yes, Professor.
-No pulse detected.
-We're performing CPR on Sun Chun-sik,
but we're getting no response.
[Ji-hoon] I can't come right now.
I'm in emergency surgery.
[panting]
Yeah.
Right, I understand.
[sighs]
[Geon] We performed CPR on him
for over an hour.
But we couldn't bring back the patient.
[inhales deeply]
I believe it was impossible to revive him.
I think it's time for you
to consider letting him go.
[weeping]
We're going to stop
the chest compressions.
That experience taught me
how incompetent I really am.
I realized that…
in a crisis, asking others for help
was the only thing I could do.
[sighs]
We don't have the capacity
to save every person.
What matters, Dr. Kim, is that
you made sure to give it your best.
You did everything
in your power to save him.
And sometimes, that's enough.
I also think that the fact that you
thought of all these things proves
you have what it takes
to be a good doctor.
Hmm, your residency
is a process where you experience
and learn many different things.
In the future,
every failure you experience…
think of it as something
that will teach you to be better,
so don't beat yourself up about it.
Just do your best at all times
and that should be enough.
Okay.
["Running in the Sky" playing]
Thanks so much, Professor.
Get back inside.
I'll be heading in shortly.
Yes, sir.
[Geon] I'll see you inside.
[munching]
Could you share with us how you
managed to survive your residency?
Me?
Well, I had someone I could rely on.
My fellow residents and I were suffering
so much because of Dr. Yong.
[chuckles]
But I held out and survived,
thanks to my fellow residents.
[Seon-bin] Hold on.
We already checked that.
Are you sure
about the results for that one?
Around May of your first year,
the senior doctors stopped
going easy on you, you know.
I had to work the night shift alone
for the very first time.
-I felt so terrified.
-[Seong-yeong] What happened?
MAY 2017
[Seon-bin] Let's say
there are ten night shifts per month.
Chi-hong and I always did it together.
We made sure we worked in pairs,
so we ended up
doing 20 night shifts together.
…about what it says.
[door closes]
What are you doing?
Uh…
Just trying to put
another perspective on it.
Huh?
You know what they say.
Two heads are always better than one.
Although that can't make one become two.
But then, 1.2 may be doable.
[both chuckle]
[laughs]
All right. Keep it up.
[gasps, groans]
I really wasn't aware of it.
My apologies, Dr. Chu.
I didn't mean to offend anyone.
-[Yoon-hee] I'm so sorry.
-Hey, no. It's okay, Yoon-hee. It's fine.
Sit down. Listen to me. You don't need
to apologize to me like that.
So I'm saying this to you, so you could,
you know, consider it as friendly advice.
I didn't get the wrong idea,
but I'm talking to you because other
doctors might think differently.
Just make sure that you talk
to your seniors with respect.
Don't forget. You have to be respectful.
-[Min-ha] Understand? Huh?
-Mm-hmm.
[gasps]
Oh, gosh, this is bad.
[bright music playing]
Hey, Hwang Ji-woo.
What?
[sighs]
Are you gonna be on duty next Saturday?
Uh-huh.
[inhales deeply]
I'll do it for you.
Go see your boyfriend.
You said, at this rate,
you two would break up, right?
-Are you sure?
-[inhales deeply]
Come on, just say yes
before I change my mind.
[chuckles]
Yes. I owe you one.
-[chuckles]
-[door opens]
[Song-hwa] U-ju didn't come with you?
He wanted to stay.
He'll come back with Ik-sun
next time she goes on a trip to Seoul.
[giggles]
He must be having loads of fun
with his grandparents.
Oh, no. He made a lot of friends
with the kids he met at the playground.
-He's made friends already?
-Of course. My goodness.
They all live in the same building,
and they're all best friends now.
He's Mr. Popular.
And he loves playing with the other kids.
Uh, I wonder who that kid
takes after, though.
Gosh. No one else
in the family is like that. Jeez.
Hm?
-I saw lightning just now.
-Yeah, I saw it too.
Three, two, one.
-[thunder rumbles]
-[gasps]
Ooh.
Do you wanna stop
and watch the rain for a bit?
Sure, I'd love that.
-Coffee?
-Mm-hm.
[rain pattering]
[Ik-jun and Song-hwa] Whoo!
You should've waited till the rain
died down. Look at you, you're soaked.
It's okay. It's not a big deal.
That was less than ten seconds.
Man, I'm fast.
You almost slipped and fell.
No, I'd never. My reflexes are the best.
I'm super quick.
Enjoy your coffee.
Let's stay here and have our coffee first.
I'm not in a rush.
Let's just relax.
Hoo!
[slurps]
[Ik-jun] Hm.
Do you want the radio on?
[Song-hwa chuckles]
No.
[Ik-jun clears throat]
Are you cold? It's a bit chilly.
Uh… No! It's hot in here. It's not cold.
-Stop fiddling with things.
-Okay, I won't.
Ik-jun.
Hm?
I'm feeling a little embarrassed.
So I'm only going to say it once, okay?
You need to listen carefully.
But please don't look at me.
Just face forward.
[romantic music]
Do you know the first thought…
that crossed my mind
when I heard you were attacked?
"I should have told him…
that I really like him.
I should've told him."
[chuckles]
That's the first thing
that popped in my head.
["I Knew I Love" by Jeon Mi Do playing]
[embarrassed exhale]
Front.
Now that you know that…
If your feelings haven't changed,
maybe we could…
see each other?
["I Knew I Love" by Jeon Mi Do playing]
I'll give you my answer.
[lively music]
[romantic music]
Hey, Ik-jun, I wanna eat.
Song-hwa, how about we do
what regular couples do?
[Jun-wan] What are you doing this weekend?
I'm sure you and Ik-jun
have nothing planned.
[Song-hwa] We're going out on a date.
The two of us are making plans
to go out for dinner this weekend.
And we might go for a walk too.
[Min-ha] Now I get why people
wanna get married.
[sighs]
I really don't want to say goodbye.
[Jae-hak] We still have a long way to go,
but to be honest, we're holding up well.
[Gyeo-ul] It's a difficult case
and the success rate isn't very high.
I really think you
should prepare yourselves.
What is it? Did something happen?
[Gyeo-ul] They still want to take
the chance though, even if it's dangerous.
It's not as simple as you think.
I understand they need more time
to think things through.
You will have to make a decision now.
[upbeat music]
[upbeat music fades]